I want a create POS system for café called CaféYC. I want creative unique attractive and professional web application POS system for this! Because this is use in real-world! Also this is not only pos system this similar like e commerce platform. Because this have customer side and seller side also. This have some main login roles called cashier, kitchen, store(Inventory), delivery and customer. Customer mainly can select items from store and add them to cart and conform their order through the confirm order in cart and this only have cash on delivery or pickin. Also cashier can add discounts and all full total with deliver charges if customer use cash on delivery! Use Sri lankan all district! Shop base location is Mathale Town. 

I can give main needed components lists and also you can add matching another features and components to this. Use creative features and use "HTML,CSS,Bootsrap,JS and backend for PHP and use MySQL for database" to develop this project. Use matching images and assets.  Create correctly all backend buddy. 

Components list: Customer Registration 
Customer Login 
Home Page 
Home Page 
Shop Page 
cart page 
checkout page 
My Order Page 
Feedback Page 
Admin Login 
Admin Dashboard 
Products 
Add Product 
Add Category 
Add Brand and Supplier 
Orders Page Add Home Slider 
Add Hot Deal 
categories table 
products table
 users table 
 suppliers table 
carts table 
customer address table 
hot deals table 
brands table 
orders tables 
order items table review rating table 
sliders table 
Invoice 


And after you develop this give me a step by step guide to how to implement and run this project correctly in my working device! And specially I need nice admin dashboard with analytic vibe and out of my given roles have their own functions and mainly admin can do this every thing with add items to store through admin dashboard! Create item card creative and add some inbuild samples to every needed things and other needed things admin can add to store and then them need show in store and other every needed areas. Create this application matching and super accurate way.